the psn digital games digital games a
from 30 reais
links in description and then people on the leaks
That with another video guys here
to bring another glitch of money
infinite here in the online gta and galera that
go this is click here it's working
on all platforms personal beauty
then you do not have to make you
you do not have to first have a
garage without caretice
So you can get these garage from
street evo will work beauty is
doing in that which is in that location
here it is very close to that light coast saints
So I'll do it here because there's this
trash can and you will then have a
pilot to cover the other side of the
car to get stuck there in the
half beauty then first here
You do not have to be in a session.
by invitation only
You leave there is the access of your
vehicles to passenger beauty other
requirement that you have to have is you
having the garage full galley can be
with any car there I will not go
make no difference
and one more thing the guys have to
have a car like this from here I
I'm showing you that iago quiroga
which is helping me on the beach he aquino
is sitting there then his channel is going
being in description beauty people gives a
past there and check the dialogue channel
so you do not have to have a car there
Just like this one so you can get
do because it has to have this part
from behind here to your friend power
to sit
so after you do this you
They'll catch any car on the street.
anyone can be a truck can be
anyone from the same street
You're going to do it here since he
the side of the car personal beauty after
If you do that, you 'll get
You'll see that your
friend is sitting there is there to ask
for your friend stay there and you will
enter that in the garage of one of you
beauty
so you can see which is the one
car is not here in the garage and I'm going
Here's a point you can make
with any super car any car
only one car surfaces will not
be able to sell or cause the punk
From there it 's about 200
a thousand for you to sell so you can
see that there's a side I've already done there
To test, if it worked, then it 's you.
Now you're going to ask your friend.
start to push triangle very fast
when he is there in the car and beauty
there when he is in when he
is there triangle pressing you talk
stop it and beauty there you go
leave here and you will see here that he
it's still in there
you will pick up you will come here in
interaction menu the view request the
The personal vehicle sees that the
in progress beauty
now it 's just you come in here and go
full garage
You're going to squeeze okay, you'll see here.
to choose the car as soon as you
I'll see, I'll choose
here replaced by one more point
looks just doubled here very quiet
even and for you to do it again there is
only you guys get the car here that you
you started now you're going to ask
for friends to squeeze there madly
new training then it is you expect to
he stops when he stops squeezing and
he will continue there you will get the
request to request the
personal vehicle again goes from the entrance
in progress and when it generates
garage full of new they tighten ok
And you guys can do it here.
you will pick up and will double that another
The people are very easy, then easy.
You can do it in all
platforms that I do not know for how much
time will work but enjoy it
which is a very good limit as well as easy
Calm down, guys, so it's if you
can not try first try again
where're working is working
Now for you guys to sell tax people
without asking your friend to commit
suicide he'll be there ok
seeing that he committed suicide that
car disappeared it's inside your
garage
so it's normal so now you go
to pick you up here the point is a
old my friend was born here again but
this is even to release that entry
If he stays there you will not go
able to release the light
Saints here is the door will not open
for you now here the cabin door
it's just you come here in the light years and
You sell the case here very quietly.
yours
This is it, if you enjoyed it, leave a comment.
like there to help
so it is if you have not yet registered
on the channel sign up I came back and I'm going
staying here
Do not forget to enter the channel
still waters description for you to go
you see that you gave 200 owed 255 thousand
here the point so I found quite
money per sale so it's very easy
You guys should get out of here.
Thank you so much to all of you.
who attended a hug was it and it was me
idol